# How (or why) should I be a freelancer?
---
This is not the easiest question to answer. Neither is this a cut and dry explanation for how to become one, this all depends on what type of work you do. This could be [System Administration](system-administrator/README.md). But it could also be a plugin developer who creates plugins for a server, or sells them as a resource. Or you could go the management route, and lead the team of a server to success. You can be anything, or find out what skills you are experienced in though this way. And you cam make a tiny side-cash from doing so. Of course, this doesn't mean you should go on and start scamming everyone. (Please don't)

This isn't an easy route to follow in any and all ways, as BBB especially (or other platforms, depending on your choice of platform) has [a ton of rules you have to follow](https://builtbybit.com/wiki/rules/). These rules make the platform fair for everyone, specificly in cases where [certain products/services](https://builtbybit.com/wiki/forbidden-products-and-services/) are forbidden to be sold/discussed about. However, these restrictions allow your protection against being scammed, or at the least work with the staff to remove the scammer in question from the platform. 

## This sounds like a "make easy money quick" scam
Hahaha, I can't blame you on that. However, BuiltByBit is a forum that runs on the software "[XenForo](https://xenforo.com/)". This means people can make (mostly) any sort of post that they want. The BBB staff is voluntarily helping to keep BBB as safe as possible. There are systems like "[Transaction Disputes](https://builtbybit.com/wiki/transaction-disputes/)". 

### What are Transaction Disputes? (TD's)
When dealing with any party, sometimes the transaction may reach an unexpected outcome for one or both parties involved or perhaps a product may not be delivered at all. Usually, the disagreement can be resolved between the involved parties, but in the cases where a resolution cannot be met, BuiltByBit offers Transaction Disputes. Please read their wiki on [Trading Etiquette](https://builtbybit.com/wiki/trading-etiquette/) to understand how to reduce the possibility of a Transaction Dispute being needed by ensuring good communication of expectations.